## Description

This test is identical to the MNIST test, but runs using the RISC-V core instead of the ARM core.

This is the "Hello World" of machine learning. It uses the MNIST dataset of handwritten digits. See http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/. The input size is 28x28 pixels monochrome (i.e., 1x28x28 in CHW notation).

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Setup

##### Building Firmware:

Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in Makefile.ARM and Makefile.RISCV, either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

***** Note *****: Be sure to use the max78000-combined.elf executable in the _Build_ directory.

##### Required Connections:

If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*** RISC-V CNN Test ***

*** PASS ***

Time for CNN: 1349 us

Classification results:
[ -29649] -> Class 0: 4.2%
[ -25548] -> Class 1: 4.2%
[ -27429] -> Class 2: 4.2%
[ -25779] -> Class 3: 4.2%
[ -25914] -> Class 4: 4.2%
[ -38948] -> Class 5: 2.1%
[ -68083] -> Class 6: 0.5%
[  39323] -> Class 7: 67.7%
[ -31039] -> Class 8: 4.2%
[ -28505] -> Class 9: 4.2%
```

