Examples/MAX78000/CNN/UNet-demo/README.md, before:

# U-Net Demo



Description
-----------

This demo shows a U-Net network, trained to segment images into four categories and color them as follows:

- Building: Red
- Tree: Green
- Sky: Blue
- Unknown: Black

Before building the firmware, please make sure to enable your intended mode of operation by enabling/disabling the following defines in `main.c`:

```c
// SELECT THE FOLLOWING BUILD OPTIONS
// To use the camera, comment out both
//#define USE_SAMPLEDATA        // shows the sample data
//#define USE_SPIDATA			// shows images received from serial SPI - ONLY ON EVKIT
```

To use sample_data,  only enable `#define USE_SAMPLEDATA` and rebuild the project. 

To use serial SPI images, enable `#define USE_SPIDATA`.  The demo will expect images via the serial loader script in the `Utility` folder. **This mode is only supported on EVKIT**.

To use the camera to capture images, disable both.

### Building Firmware:

Navigate directory where UNet-demo software is located and build the project:

```bash
$ cd /Examples/MAX78000/CNN/UNet-demo
$ make -r
```

If this is the first time after installing tools, or peripheral files have been updated, first clean drivers before rebuilding the project: 

```bash
$ make -r distclean
```

To compile code for MAX78000 EVKIT enable **BOARD=EvKit_V1** in Makefile:

```bash
# Specify the board used
ifeq "$(BOARD)" ""
BOARD=EvKit_V1
#BOARD=FTHR_RevA
endif
```

To compile code for MAX78000 Feather board enable **BOARD=FTHR_RevA** in Makefile (requires TFT display for Featherhttps://github.com/MaximIntegratedAI/MaximAI_Documentation/tree/master/MAX78000_Feather):

```bash
# Specify the board used
ifeq "$(BOARD)" ""
#BOARD=EvKit_V1
BOARD=FTHR_RevA
endif
```

### Load firmware image to MAX78000 EVKIT or Feather Board

#### EVKIT:

- Connect USB cable to CN1 (USB/PWR) and turn ON power switch (SW1).

- Connect PICO adapter to JH5 SWD header. 

#### Feather Board:

- Connect USB cable to CN1 USB connector.


Load firmware image using Openocd.

```bash
openocd -s $MAXIM_PATH/Tools/OpenOCD/scripts -f interface/cmsis-dap.cfg -f target/max78000.cfg -c "program build/MAX78000.elf reset exit"
```

### Running Demo

If the project is built with `#define USE_SAMPLEDATA`, the offline sample data image, mask and the image overlaid with the mask will be shown on TFT. 

In serial SPI mode(only EVKIT), the display shows "Waiting for SPI data...".  Please check the [README](Utility/README.md)  in the `Utility` folder for instructions on how to send serial images.

If camera mode is selected (disable both `#define USE_SAMPLEDATA` and `#define USE_SPIDATA`), the image is captured from the camera and displayed.



### References

https://github.com/MaximIntegratedAI/MaximAI_Documentation

Commit message:

See README.md for the list of changes in this release. (#52)
* See README.md for the list of changes in this release.

Examples/MAX78000/CNN/UNet-demo/README.md, after:

# U-Net Demo



Description
-----------

This demo shows a U-Net network, trained to segment images into four categories and color them as follows:

- Building: Red
- Tree: Green
- Sky: Blue
- Unknown: Black

Before building the firmware, please make sure to enable your intended mode of operation by enabling/disabling the following defines in `main.c`:

```c
// SELECT THE FOLLOWING BUILD OPTIONS
// To use the camera, comment out both
//#define USE_SAMPLEDATA        // shows the sample data
//#define USE_SPIDATA			// shows images received from serial SPI - ONLY ON EVKIT
```

To use sample_data,  only enable `#define USE_SAMPLEDATA` and rebuild the project. 

To use serial SPI images, enable `#define USE_SPIDATA`.  The demo will expect images via the serial loader script in the `Utility` folder. **This mode is only supported on EVKIT**.

To use the camera to capture images, disable both.

### Building Firmware:

Navigate directory where UNet-demo software is located and build the project:

```bash
$ cd /Examples/MAX78000/CNN/UNet-demo
$ make -r
```

If this is the first time after installing tools, or peripheral files have been updated, first clean drivers before rebuilding the project: 

```bash
$ make -r distclean
```

To compile code for MAX78000 EVKIT enable **BOARD=EvKit_V1** in Makefile:

```bash
# Specify the board used
ifeq "$(BOARD)" ""
BOARD=EvKit_V1
#BOARD=FTHR_RevA
endif
```

To compile code for MAX78000 Feather board enable **BOARD=FTHR_RevA** in Makefile (requires TFT display for Feather https://github.com/MaximIntegratedAI/MaximAI_Documentation/tree/master/MAX78000_Feather):

```bash
# Specify the board used
ifeq "$(BOARD)" ""
#BOARD=EvKit_V1
BOARD=FTHR_RevA
endif
```

**Note: If you are using Eclipse, please also make sure to change the value of Board environment variable to "FTHR_RevA by:**

*right click project name > Properties > C/C++ Build > Environment > Board"*

<img src="Resources/eclipse_board.png" style="zoom:33%;" />



### Load firmware image to MAX78000 EVKIT or Feather Board

#### EVKIT:

- Connect USB cable to CN1 (USB/PWR) and turn ON power switch (SW1).

- Connect PICO adapter to JH5 SWD header. 

#### Feather Board:

- Connect USB cable to CN1 USB connector.

If you are using Windows, load the firmware image with OpenOCD in a MinGW shell:

```bash
openocd -s $MAXIM_PATH/Tools/OpenOCD/scripts -f interface/cmsis-dap.cfg -f target/max78000.cfg -c "program build/MAX78000.elf reset exit"
```

If using Linux, perform this step:

```bash
./openocd -f tcl/interface/cmsis-dap.cfg -f tcl/target/max78000.cfg -c "program build/MAX78000.elf verify reset exit"
```

### Running Demo

If the project is built with `#define USE_SAMPLEDATA`, the offline sample data image, mask and the image overlaid with the mask will be shown on TFT. 

In serial SPI mode(only EVKIT), the display shows "Waiting for SPI data...".  Please check the [README](Utility/README.md)  in the `Utility` folder for instructions on how to send serial images.

If camera mode is selected (disable both `#define USE_SAMPLEDATA` and `#define USE_SPIDATA`), the image is captured from the camera and displayed.



### References

https://github.com/MaximIntegratedAI/MaximAI_Documentation
